Acknowledgements for _Linear Algebra_ by Jim Hefferon

This document was started 2001-Oct-08, in response to the help
I've been offered by various people from the web.

To everyone who wrote and contributed, Thank you!

======================================================

General:
  I'd like to thank Saint Michael's College, the Math Department at
  Saint Michael's College, including George Ashline, Rick Cleary,
  and Lloyd Simons for using drafts of this book in class.  Their 
  feedback was very helpful.  In particular, GA pointed out many
  typos. 

2001-Oct-08 
  Guillaume Belanger, typo
  Gabriel Gellen, some typos
  Ken Yocom and John Iverson, typos, corrections

2002-Dec-31
  Clarke Stone, typo
  Javed Iqbal, PDF misbehavior

2003-Feb-26
  Bob Hayden, many corrections in the Leontief topic  
  Brandon Barker, typo
  Hynek Hanke, typo
  Jon Thurmond, typo
  Sheldon Robinson, typo
  Jack Moffitt, typo

2003-May-13
  Jack Moffitt, typos

2008-July-20
  Harry (ypsilonj at domain gmail.com), typos
  Einar Bjarki Gunnarsson, corrections to answers 
  Clint Ward, correction to exercise
  Yufei Chen, corrections to exercises
  Bernd Losert, many corrections and clarifications of exercises.
  Dinko Tenev, correction to an exercise
  Tom Fitzhenry, correction to an exercise
  Oliver Ferrari, correction to an exercise
  Dan Boswel, correction to an exercise
  Pedro Arias Castanedo, correction to preface
  Ali Ghodsi, several very helpful corrections to text body

2011-Jan-01
  Christopher Kirkos  Suggestion to date PDF's 
  Romain Iehl  answer to exercise correction
  Goran Topic  exercise suggestion
  Raphaele Herbin  misplaced reference
  Keith Russell  correction to discussion in Method of Powers
  David Garcia Quintas  corrections to exercise and text body
  Lennon Conson  correction to exercise answer
  Ali Ghodsi  corrections to two diagrams
  Wlodek Bryc  correction to exercise answer, misspelling of Schwarz
  Jacob Schlather  suggestions about linear recurrences 
  Jim Schmitz  corrections to exercise answers
  Gideon Mann  correction to formula
  Pavel Dudrenov  correction to computer code
  Mike Bibby  comment about an example
  Adrian Suarez  comment about the presentation
  Fred Maranhao  correction of exercise
  Barrett Walls  for a review with many helpful comments and corrections
  Barbara Glass  for a review also with many helpful comments and corrections
  Iason Irusodimos for the review also with helpful comments and corrections
  Stephen Solomon of Eleven Learning  arrangement of the reviews

2011-Dec-06
  Arthur A Nardiello  correction of discussion of determinant function
  Gurpreet Sidhu  clarification of linear independence example 
  Brian Scholl  correction to exercise answers, and examples in Jordan Form
    chapter
  Naveen Goswamy  correction to example of CAS
  Allen Rogers  correction to a subtle point in an exercise on 
    linear independence 
  Todd Iverson  pointer to a fine proof of the uniqueness of 
    reduced echelon form
  Robert H Lewis  remarks about the definition of determinant
  Rick Cleary  slick answer to an exercise
  Jane Holsapple Long  correction to populations topic
  Colin Fraizer  typos in appendix

2012-Jan-31
  Marco Daniel for help with an mdframed issue.
  CJ Fearnley corrections for projective geometry topic

2012-Mar-28
  George Ashline  for schedule of sections covered
  Lindsay Meyer for help with soem exercises in the Vector Spaces chapter

2012-Apr-11
  Dan Velleman  several suggestions, including about using multisets in 
     defn of linear independence

2012-Jun-13
  David Guichard  corrections and some helpful discussions

2012-Oct-01
  DG formatting of some links in jhanswers not right

2012-Oct-20 
  Ken Shrirriff addition to introduction of determinant function.

2013-Jan-01
  Itamar Stein  hole in proof of Jordan form
  David Guichard  several corrections throughout text 
  Troy J. Jasso  hyperref'ed links in index wrong (I couldn't figure out
     how to correct; dropped links)

2013-Dec-13
  J Alacqua  Change - to + in introduction to Triangle Inequality
  Jeff Haag, and student  Error in answer to eigenspace exercise
  Felix Bier  Error in Matrix Representation answer
  Joakim Fremstad  typo in example of representation of vector wrt basis
  Vinícius dos Santos Oliveira  Typo in slide def of std basis
  Diego Alexander Huerfano Villalba  Correction to exercise on representation
    wrt a basis, correction to exercise on sum of entires of each row
  Mike Brown  Suggestion about describing US coins "pennies", etc., for 
    non-US audiences
  Mana Borwornpadungkitti  Missing case in answer to Reduced Echelon Form
    exercise
  Jad Nohra, Tom Lahore, Lopatin Vladimir  Many corrections, large and small.

2014-Jan-08
  Mana Borwornpadungkitti  Correction to exercise answer.

2014-Feb-21
  Mana Borwornpadungkitti Number of corrections to homogeom.

2014-Apr-16 
  Fred Richman  Number of suggestions and corrections, including terminology.

2014-Nov-24
  Mana Borwornpadungkitti Number of careful typo corrections.
  Ronald Herr Correction to answers of Networks, question 2.
  Chris Thron  Large number of corrections and substantial comments.  Fixed
     subtle error in Three.II.2.31.
  Chris Atkinson  Correction to partition example in appendix, typo in 
     Three.3.2.6.
  Dan Drake  Very helpful discussion of a better example of the need for
     the set/multiset distinction in the definition of linear independence.
  Darren Wick  Many corrections to slides.

2015-Jan-06
  Gario Gjorgjevski  Typo in Schur's Triangularization Lemma.

2015-Jan-14
  Arthur Kock  Unclear exercise in Isomorphism section.

2016-May-31
  Dave Hein  Clarify question and answer for exercise 1.28 in One.I.
  Maria H  Misspelling after definition of Vector Space
  Deann Leoni  Corrected answer to exercise in vs2.
  Vinícius dos Santos Oliveira  Typo.
  Jeff Herlitz  Correction to answer in One.III.
  Eric P. Morrill  Comment on Exercise in One.I.
  Karl-Dieter Crisman  Large number of corrections, including to mathematical 
    material, not only typos, and a number of very helpful suggestions.
  Joe Zyburt  Two errors in nullspace chains in Nilpotence section.
  Darij Grinberg  Corrections around Cayley-Hamilton.
  Fred Davis, via David Joyner, many questions with answers for question bank.
  William Karstens for much help with the Topic on Coupled Pendula.

2016-Aug-20
  Christelle Vincent  Add slides that use handout option.

2016-Nov-23
  Darij Grinberg  Many typos.  Thoughtful suggestions on a couple of items. 
  David Guichard  Many typos and suggestions.
  Mitch Rothstein  Exercise error, and proof suggestion.
  James Moore  Typo.
  Richard Satterfield  Thought-provoking report about free variables.
  Christopher Thron  Incorrect exercise in voting Topic.  Poorly worded 
     exercises.
  David Joyner, David Ruth  Exercise answer.  

2016-Dec-30
  Dylan Frese  Matrix column incorrect in example.
  Andrew Misseldine  Number of corrections from students, many answers.

2019-Jul-02
  Steve Nicholson (GitLab)  Typo in preface.
  Darij Grinberg (GitLab)  Improvements to proof of Chio's Theorem.

2019-Aug-05
  Mitch Rothstein Prove all bases have same size by calculation on coords
     (Changed slides to do this but book retains Exchange Lemma.)
  Darij Grinberg  More typos, and a number of thoughtful suggestions.
    Improvement in discussion of linear relationships.
  Andrew Misseldine  A number of corrections to solutions.
  Marcus Christie  Correct an exercise on the Geometry of Determinants.
  Pooya Taherkhani  Suggestion about format for printed books.
  M. Andoor  Correction in Changing Map Representations section.
  Arun Sagar  Many helpful comments, and corrections to a number of map
     solutions.
  Joe Laszlo  Exercise answer, One.I.
  Clayton Cafiero  Missing \vec's in Two.II.
  John Calabrese  Exercise statement correction in Three.I.
  Yair Kubi  Wording correction in One.I. 
  Vincent Porras  Answer correction, One.III.
  Maximiliano Redigonda  Correction to answer Three.VI.
  Phillip Lestmann  Correction to exercises in Stable Populations.
  Clayton Cafiero  Exercise answer correction in Five.II.
  Maximiliano Redigonda  Many helpful corrections to exercise answers.
  Emmanuel Charpentier  Improve answer in One.I.
  William Gore  Correct an example in Five.IV.
  Michal Ramos  Improve an exercise answer in Two.III, and correction to
    development of matrix multiplication.
  Teresa Mabbutt  Correction to exercise answer in Three.IV.
  Pooya Taherkhani  Correction to Two.I.
  Andrew Stimpson  Correction to definition of t-string.
  Brian Lee  Correction in Three.VI.
  Bill Norton  Answer correction in One.I.
  Rick Cleary  Question on span.
  Park Young Ho  Prompt to modify wording in Four.I.
  Tim Zhi, Mild Thamparanon  Alter misleading wording of answer in Three.IV.
  Leigh Noble  Correction to answers in Three.V and Four.II.
  Rick Cleary  Correction to page rank description.
  Andrew Peak  Comments on Diagonalizability example.
  Larry Dodd  Typo in Vector Space introduction.
  Chris Harding  Corrections to homework exercise in Chapter One.  A number
     of other well-spotted points.
  Evan Wallace  Correction to figure in One.II.
  Nathaniel Schenker A large number of excellent comments and corrections.
  Wolf Holzmann  Write-up of proof of Jordan form existence.
  Elmir Jagudin Typo in exercise.
  Wlodek Bryc  Extensive an helpful comments on compiling under Windows (this
    is pre-latexmk; I switched to try to make things better).
  Shishir Agrawal (and Michael Bennett)  Several corrections in Two and Three.
  Joseph O'Brien  Correction to t-string basis definition.
  Bradley J Ballinger   Comment about wording of vector space definition.
  Brett Presnell  Typo in slide five_i.
  John W. Hoggard  Slide compilation.

2020-Mar-09
  Tirthankar Mazumder  Couple of typos.

2020-Jun-08
  Luis Lozano  Change superscript in lab.

2020-Sep-30
  Keon Moradi  Typo in vector entry.

2021-Oct-04
  John Hoggard  Slides not coming out in three versions.
  Joseph O'Brien  Add comment in jc3 about maximality of strings in basis.
  Christopher A Ibarra  Exercise answer error.
  Tirthankar Mazumder  For lab, Python3 has no sys.maxint.
  Rick Cleary  Correction to exercise wording, correction to another's answer.
  Mervyn Brumbach  Correction to exercise wording, and to another's answer.
  Carson Hesterman  Correction to exercise answer.
  Chris Pil  Correction to exercise answer.
  Clint Givens  Correction to exercise wording.
  Sasha Lopoukhine  Correction to wording in representation of a vector.
  Stefan Landau  Typo in exercise.
  Alexander M Pappas-McAllister  Correction to exercise answer.
  Tyrone Yan  Correction to one of the ugly results about linear independence.
  Vineeth Thota  Error in exercise answer.
  Jan W B Baltussen  Typos on Jordan form section.